small correction in annotation conventions (#32)
DT-UCPH/cuc: lexicon_and_grammar/tagging_conventions_cuc.md

# Tagging conventions

At this stage we decided not to reconstruct consonants, doubling, vowels and other grammatical markings that do not appear on the surface and concentrate on the visible elements. Altogether, if a sign is part of a lexeme, but it does not appear in a word, it is added to the word by "(". If a sign occurs in a word but it does not occur in the lexeme in DULAT, it is preceded by "&". E.g., in case of a scribal error corrected by editors, the ‘(’ precedes the ‘&’, as in wsp - (k&wsp “silver”. Otherwise, at this stage we don't reconstruct missing signs.

Important: when several consecutive letters are reconstructed, each letter must be marked separately with "(".

The signs ( and & are also can also be used for aleph letters (u, i, a).

> Comments about variants can be added after  #

Reviewer: I actually suggest adding variant parsing to the same column, separated by a semicolon. Later, we won't have to extract them from the free-text comments. But I'm not sure how that's handled in the BHSA.

## Lexical tagging

Always check a word in DULAT for the lexeme. Are there homographs? DULAT adds roman numerals in parentheses to a lexeme for disambiguation. For now, we use this convention as well. This rule applies also to the homographic particles, e.g. -h(I) pron "his/her" -h(II) adverb.

> If aleph letters are part of the nominal root and do not show different variants of vocalization, they are not further parsed. In verbal roots aleph ʔ should be visible, because we follow the lexicon DULAT. E.g. the verb š-ʔ-b has the surface form šibt, we encode as š(ʔ&ib[/t= "those (fpl) who draw water".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If aleph letters are part of the nominal root and do not show different variants of vocalization, they are not further parsed. In verbal roots aleph ʔ should be visible, because we follow the lexicon DULAT. E.g. the verb š-ʔ-b has the surface form šibt, we encode as š(ʔ&ib[/t= "those (f. pl.) who draw water".
```
